they were on Travis cafard here and all
the way may here act at the starcraft
remastered event for those of you that
do not know because maybe you don't pay
attention to Starcraft basically this
game that came out about 20 years ago
Starcraft and Starcraft breed where the
expansion is getting remastered and
revamped brand new graphics and all
sorts of modern functionality and all
stuff and we are here actually checking
it out and for me I grew up on brood war
and Starcraft and it was a huge thing
for me it's what got me into competitive
gaming and really got me interest in
this so basically all my coverage and
video game experiences all because of
this one game and awfully what's your
experience with this game well I found
out I had to Google it actually a
Starcraft was released when I was 2
years old
so I did not have an opportunity to play
it so we have very different takes on
this so we've actually both played the
game now and obviously I didn't
interview a couple months about this as
well so I know a decent amount about it
and my impression is I'm really excited
about the game it comes out it's only 15
bucks so it's a pretty approachable
price point I think a lot of people
would pay 20 so 15 is a good way to get
into it and for those of you that don't
know like the the game they're doing so
many cool things so it's the same game
engine same gameplay all the experiences
that I had playing in the campaign and
the multiplayer will still be there but
they look way cooler and they added like
matchmaking which was not there before
so much it's merged into the modern like
battlenet stuff so if I'm talking to a
friend I can do that if they're playing
hearthstone a while I'm very excited
about it and I thought it was really
cool
now Ollie who has never played this game
before what did you think
okay so I've played Starcraft 2 I played
Starcraft 2 in high school of some
friends so going back to the original
was actually really interesting because
there was a lot of features that wasn't
there for me but I didn't think that was
necessarily like a bad thing so for me
one of the biggest features was it was a
limited amount of selection of how many
units you could select at a time eight
compared to like the infinite you can
select and Starcraft 2 yeah just like
the infinite so that was weird for me at
first because I was just like selecting
my all of my beautiful medalists and I'm
like okay go and then I show up and I'm
like why are there only eight
over here and I look back and like the
other 30 of them are still in my base
I'm like wow so I they got wiped out
pretty fast but um I mean it's my
favorite feature that was probably like
the f5 where it switches from like we'll
start crafting new starcraft which is
really cool not like ii to actually
switches you can look at what the game
would look like it's its sense it's
built on the same engine it goes back to
that like what four by three SD version
of the game and all the stuff that you
would have seen if you were playing at
20 years ago verse now like all this
polish stuff so yeah that was pretty
cool
yes and now I get to experience it like
I would have if I was you know like able
to function and use the computer and
stuff back then but it was a lot of fun
I played Zerg because I love zerg but I
mean like I think I was talking to you I
was having you coached me through it I I
built like a queen because I'm like okay
I need to like create more zerglings and
stuff but I'm like okay now view out the
larva onto my hatchery and it was
completely Starcraft 2 Queen is not the
same as the brood war queen no it is not
no it is not and I was wondering where
my big old brood Lords were but there
were just Guardians yeah different units
as well so yeah I mean it's different
but okay
cutting to the chase here like I will
definitely get this game and really
enjoy playing the campaign and probably
some multiplayer with friends I think
quite frankly if I really want to play a
ton of multiplayer off Lego Star Trek 2
which I prefer over bird war even though
I know there's a ton of like brood war
loyalists I think it's a much better
game for you like you didn't even play
that much Starcraft 2 so really how do
you feel as somebody who's never really
played brood war about this game and
your general interest in it so Starcraft
2 for me was just it was very fast and
there were so many things that I was
trying to do it once and my little
teenage brain couldn't really handle it
but um playing Starcraft the remastered
version like it was it was slower for me
and I think you mentioned because that
there's like the normal pace and there's
faster and fastest but I felt like I had
a better grip on the game so I would
definitely play it like it was a game
that I actually enjoyed you can do that
and start have to as well by the way you
can lower the game speed you can my
friends lied to me so much in high
school
yeah well that's that's wait you have
friends either way the point is okay
yeah yeah it's very sad the point is
that I
I'm really excited about this and you
haven't even experienced the campaign I
think the campaign is super cool you'll
be able to go back through and play that
and they didn't have that unfortunately
this build but I'm excited to do that
and I hope maybe you'll have a chance to
take a look at it - it's interesting
this my impression be that people who
hadn't played brood war trying to play
this game even with the updated graphics
it would just feel like too old of a
game but it doesn't seem to be the case
for you know I'm super excited for the
campaign and everything because I always
loved campaigns of games and from what I
have heard and what people have told me
the campaign's of Starcraft games are
always like super great that's what I'm
excited for very good so I mean it is
kind of cool that this update will give
you a chance to kind of go back and play
this game that quite frankly I don't
even know if I would have recommended
you try to play the campaign like though
just the resolution and everything it
was the night but now I think it'll be
really cool so anyway I guess we also
know that it comes out August 14th I
believe this today and we'll check that
and connection but I'm pretty sure it's
there yeah 14 and then $15 so pretty
good price point and I think overall
like for the eSports fans by the way I
think that's going to be kind of cool be
able to go watch some I'm you know stark
up - sorry StarCraft brood we're still
played today in South Korea and is one
of the major eSports over there despite
the fact that may be not the case over
here and so I think you know for the
eSports fans it'll be fun for them to
kind of check out this out so anyway
that's everything for us you want to say
goodbye of Lee I will say goodbye get
the game it's really fun it's only $15
like that's less than Starcraft 2 right
now right really selling the game thanks
for telling the game right now because I
want more newbies to play so I have
someone on my level to play against
please thank you very good well there
you go thanks for watching hey guys
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed the
content if you don't know Travis doesn't
pay me for these anymore
so if you would like to support me you
could check out my support page oddly
calm slash support thanks